docs: small user guide for plugins (#113)
sapphiredev/plugins: packages/i18next/README.md

		await sendLocalized(message, 'commands/ping:success')
	}
}
```
This method will edit a message with the translation of the translation key.
```typescript
import { editLocalized } '@sapphire/plugin-i18next'
import { Command, CommandOptions, PieceContext } from '@sapphire/framework';

import type { Message } from 'discord.js';

export class PingCommand extends Command {
	public constructor(context: PieceContext, options: CommandOptions) {
		super(context, {
			...options,
			description: 'ping pong'
		});
	}

	public async run(message: Message) {
		await editLocalized(message, 'commands/ping:success_args', { latency: ws.ping })
	}
}
```
This method will get the current language that the client is using on a server.
```typescript
import { fetchLanguage } '@sapphire/plugin-i18next'
import { Command, CommandOptions, PieceContext } from '@sapphire/framework';

import type { Message } from 'discord.js';

export class PingCommand extends Command {
	public constructor(context: PieceContext, options: CommandOptions) {
		super(context, {
			...options,
			description: 'ping pong'
		});
	}

	public async run(message: Message) {
		return message.channel.send(await fetchLanguage(message));

> 		// ===> en

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		// ===> en-US
```

## Usage

This registers the necessary methods and options in the Sapphire client to be able to use the message translations.

```typescript

> // Main bot file

Reviewer 2: Make this mention that it should be done before logging in 🙏

Author: done. 📮

Reviewer 2: Where

Reviewer 2: I'm blind

## Usage

> This registers the necessary methods and options in the Sapphire client to be able to use the message translations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This registers the methods and options necessary for message translations in the Sapphire client.
```

```typescript
// Main bot file

> // Be sure to register the plugin before logging in with the bot.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
// Be sure to register the plugin before instantiating the client.
```

import '@sapphire/plugin-i18next/register';
```

> Basic structure of a command translation file, this file can have as many sections as you need.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The basic structure of a translation file is as follows:
```

> ```json

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```jsonc
```
For JSON comment highlighting - comments are invalid in standard JSON, which is why JSONC was invented.

// languages/en-US/commands/ping.json
{
	"success": "Pong!",

> 	"success_args": "Pong! Took me {{latency}}ms to reply"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	"success_with_args": "Pong! Took me {{latency}}ms to reply"
```

}
```

> The `resolveKey` method can be used anywhere to get the translation of a message. In this example it is used in a method to send a message.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `resolveKey` method can be used anywhere to get translated text by its key. In this example, it is used in a method to send a message.
```

```typescript

> import { resolveKey } '@sapphire/plugin-i18next';

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { resolveKey } from '@sapphire/plugin-i18next';
```

import { Command, CommandOptions, PieceContext } from '@sapphire/framework';
import type { Message } from 'discord.js';

export class PingCommand extends Command {
	public constructor(context: PieceContext, options: CommandOptions) {
		super(context, {
			...options,
			description: 'ping pong'
		});
	}

	public async run(message: Message) {
		await message.channel.send(await resolveKey('commands/ping:success'))
	}
}
```

> This method will send a message with the translation of the message.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`sendLocalized` will send translated text resolved from a key to a specified channel.
```

```typescript

> import { sendLocalized } '@sapphire/plugin-i18next'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { sendLocalized } from '@sapphire/plugin-i18next'
```

import { Command, CommandOptions, PieceContext } from '@sapphire/framework';

import type { Message } from 'discord.js';

export class PingCommand extends Command {
	public constructor(context: PieceContext, options: CommandOptions) {
		super(context, {
			...options,
			description: 'ping pong'
		});
	}

	public async run(message: Message) {
		await sendLocalized(message, 'commands/ping:success')
	}
}
```

> This method will edit a message with the translation of the translation key.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`editLocalized` edits a message, replacing its content with translated text resolved from its key.
```

```typescript

> import { editLocalized } '@sapphire/plugin-i18next'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { editLocalized } from '@sapphire/plugin-i18next'
```

import { Command, CommandOptions, PieceContext } from '@sapphire/framework';

import type { Message } from 'discord.js';

export class PingCommand extends Command {
	public constructor(context: PieceContext, options: CommandOptions) {
		super(context, {
			...options,
			description: 'ping pong'
		});
	}

	public async run(message: Message) {
		await editLocalized(message, 'commands/ping:success_args', { latency: ws.ping })
	}
}
```

> This method will get the current language that the client is using on a server.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`fetchLanguage` returns the guild-specific language that the client is using.
```

```typescript

> import { fetchLanguage } '@sapphire/plugin-i18next'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { fetchLanguage } from '@sapphire/plugin-i18next'
```
